Automate Kedro-viz Release process (#1490)
kedro-org/kedro-viz: CONTRIBUTING.md

## Release process

- Create a branch for release. The branch name should follow the pattern `release/* (e.g. release/6.4.0)`
- Update [RELEASE.md](./RELEASE.md) with the latest release note. 

> > _Notes_: The heading for the release should follow the pattern `# Release <release-number> (e.g. # Release 6.4.0)`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> _Note_: The heading for the release note should follow the pattern `# Release <release-number> (e.g. # Release 6.4.0)`
```

> _Notes_: Kedro-Viz uses [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/) as the versioning scheme.

- Commit, raise a PR and get it merged into `main`.

> - Once the release commit is in `main`, a github action workflow gets triggered which generates a release tag and notes based on [RELEASE.md](./RELEASE.md) to publish.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Once the release commit is in `main`, a GitHub action gets triggered which automatically publishes a release with a version tag and release notes based on [RELEASE.md](./RELEASE.md).
```

> > _Notes_: The release tag corresponds to `__version__` from `package/kedro_viz/__init__.py` and the release notes is the content under the heading `# Release <release-number> (e.g. # Release 6.4.0)` in [RELEASE.md](./RELEASE.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> _Note_: The release tag corresponds to `__version__` from `package/kedro_viz/__init__.py` and the release notes is the content under the heading `# Release <release-number> (e.g. # Release 6.4.0)` in [RELEASE.md](./RELEASE.md).
```

> - Once the release tag is published on Github, a CircleCI job will be triggered to push it to npm and PyPI accordingly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Once the release tag is published on GitHub, a CircleCI job will be triggered to push it to npm and PyPI accordingly.
```
